chore: update contribution guideline (#1247)
docarray/docarray: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [🥇 Making Your First Submission](#-making-your-first-submission)
- [📝 Code style conventions](#-code-style-conventions)
- [☑️ Naming Conventions](#-naming-conventions)

> - [Addind a dependency]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [➕ Adding a dependency](#adding-a-dependency)
```
Spelling :angry: 

Also added an emoji

Author: I think I am blind

We don't enforce naming of PRs and branches, but we recommend you follow the same style. It can simply be one of your commit messages, just copy/paste it, e.g. `fix(readme): improve the readability and move sections`.

<a name="-adding a dependency"></a>

> ## Addind a dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ➕ Adding a dependency
```

To add a depepency to DocArray you need to edit the `pyproject.toml` and add your dependency in the `[tool.poetry.dependencies]` section.
Always overwrite poetry default version number (if you used `poetry add XYZ`):

> 1- pick an appropirate version number. You should not nescarry pick the latest one but rather pick the old enough one that is still compatible
> 2- use the `>=` notatation instead of the `~` to not lock upper limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pick an appropirate version number. You should not nescarry pick the latest one but rather pick the old enough one that is still compatible
- Use the `>=` notation instead of the `~` to not lock upper limit
```

> If the dependency should be optional, example : if it is a new library for a new modalities or a new vector database. Then you need to make the dependecy optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If appropriate, make the dependency optional. For example if it is a new library for a new modality or new vector database.
```

`mylib = {version = ">=X.y.z", optional = true }`

> and you need to add an extra :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will also need to add an extra:
```
No space before punctuation

[tool.poetry.extras]
new_modalities = ['mylib']
```

> Note: Manual editing of the `pyproject.toml` is equivalent  `poetry add "mylib>=3.9"  -E new_modalities`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Manual editing of `pyproject.toml` is equivalent  to `poetry add "mylib>=3.9"  -E new_modalities`
```
